Update Crons to include platform docs (#6506)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/crons/index.mdx

```bash {tabTitle: cURL}
# Upsert monitor with a check-in
curl -X POST \
    'https://sentry.io/api/0/organizations/___ORG_SLUG___/monitors/<monitor_slug>/checkins/' \
    --header 'Authorization: DSN ___PUBLIC_DSN___' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --data-raw '{"config": {"schedule": "0 * * * *", "schedule_type": "crontab"}, "status": "in_progress"}'
```

```http {tabTitle: HTTP}
PUT /api/0/organizations/___ORG_SLUG___/monitors/<monitor_slug>/checkins/ HTTP/1.1
Host: sentry.io
Authorization: DSN ___PUBLIC_DSN___
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "config": {
        "schedule": "0 * * * *",
        "schedule_type": "crontab",
        "checkin_margin": 1,
        "max_runtime": 20,
        "timezone": "America/Los_Angeles"
    },
    "status": "in_progress"
}
```

Monitor `config` parameters:

`schedule_type`:

: The schedule representation for your monitor, either `crontab` or `interval`.

`schedule`:

: The job's schedule based on the `schedule_type`:
- `crontab`: a string crontab expression with five fields, such as ` "0 * * * *"`.
- `interval`: a tuple for your interval such as `[2, "hour"]`.

`checkin_margin`:

> : Time (in minutes) of how long Sentry should wait for your check-in until it is considered missed ("grace period"). Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The amount of time (in minutes) Sentry should wait for your check-in before it's considered missed ("grace period"). Optional.
```

<Note>

> We recommend that your check-in margin to be less or equal to your interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that your check-in margin be less than or equal to your interval.
```

</Note>

`max_runtime`:

> : Time (in minutes) your job is allowed to run before it is considered failed. Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The amount of time (in minutes) your job is allowed to run before it's considered failed. Optional.
```

`timezone`

> : The `tz` where your job is running. This is usually your server's timezone, such as `America/Los_Angeles`. See [list of tz database time zones](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones). Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The `tz` where your job is running. This is usually your server's timezone, (such as `America/Los_Angeles`). See [list of tz database time zones](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones). Optional.
```

```bash {tabTitle: cURL}
# 🟢 Notify Sentry your job has completed successfully:
curl -X POST \
    'https://sentry.io/api/0/organizations/___ORG_SLUG___/monitors/<monitor_slug>/checkins/' \
    --header 'Authorization: DSN ___PUBLIC_DSN___' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --data-raw '{"status": "ok"}'
```

```http {tabTitle: HTTP}
POST /api/0/organizations/___ORG_SLUG___/monitors/<monitor_slug>/checkins/ HTTP/1.1
Host: sentry.io
Authorization: DSN ___PUBLIC_DSN___
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "status": "ok"
}
```

If your job execution fails:

```bash {tabTitle: cURL}
# 🔴 Notify Sentry your job has failed:
curl -X PUT \
    'https://sentry.io/api/0/organizations/___ORG_SLUG___/monitors/<monitor_slug>/checkins/latest/' \
    --header 'Authorization: DSN ___PUBLIC_DSN___' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --data-raw '{"status": "failed"}'
```

```http {tabTitle: HTTP}
PUT /api/0/organizations/___ORG_SLUG___/monitors/<monitor_slug>/checkins/latest/ HTTP/1.1
Host: sentry.io
Authorization: DSN ___PUBLIC_DSN___
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "status": "failed"
}
```

## Connecting Errors to Cron Monitors

> If you're capturing Sentry errors, you can link them to a monitor by using context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're capturing Sentry errors, you can link them to a Cron Monitor by using context.
```
